azure_policies/allow-creation-resources-region/README.md, before:

# Deny creation of resources without any tag

This policy deny whether a creation of a resource has no tag.

## Try with Azure portal

[![Deploy to Azure](http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/?#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Policy/CreatePolicyDefinitionBlade/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazure-policy%2Fmaster%2Fsamples%2FCompute%2Faudit-existing-linux-vm-ssh-with-password%2Fazurepolicy.json)
[![Deploy to Azure Gov](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/media/deploy/deployGovbutton.png)](https://portal.azure.us/?#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Policy/CreatePolicyDefinitionBlade/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazure-policy%2Fmaster%2Fsamples%2FCompute%2Faudit-existing-linux-vm-ssh-with-password%2Fazurepolicy.json)

## Try with Azure PowerShell

````powershell
# Create the Policy Definition (Subscription scope)
$definition = New-AzPolicyDefinition -Name 'deny-creation-resources-without-tag' -DisplayName 'Deny the creation of resources that do not have tags' -description 'This policy denies the creation of resources without tag. In order to create any resource it is mandatory to include coherent tags' -Policy azurepolicy.rules.json -Mode All

# Set the scope to a resource group; may also be a subscription or management group
$scope = Get-AzResourceGroup -Name 'YourResourceGroup'

# Create the Policy Assignment
$assignment = New-AzPolicyAssignment -Name 'deny-creation-resources-without-tag' -DisplayName 'Deny the creation of resources that do not have tags' -Scope $scope.ResourceId -PolicyDefinition $definition
````

## Try with Azure CLI

```cli
# Create the Policy Definition (Subscription scope)
az policy definition create --name "deny-creation-resources-without-tag" --display-name "Deny the creation of resources that do not have tags" --description "This policy denies the creation of resources without tag. In order to create any resource it is mandatory to include coherent tags" --rules tagging-policy.json --mode Indexed

# Create the Policy Assignment
# Set the scope to a resource group; may also be a subscription or management group
az policy assignment create --name "deny-creation-resources-without-tag-assinment" --display-name "Deny the creation of resources that do not have tags Assignment" --scope /subscriptions/<subscriptionId>/resourceGroups/<resourceGroupName> --policy /subscriptions/<subscriptionId>/providers/Microsoft.Authorization/policyDefinitions/deny-creation-resources-without-tag

Commit message:

Fixing Allowed Region policy readme

azure_policies/allow-creation-resources-region/README.md, after:

# Allowed locations

This policy enables you to restrict the locations your organization can specify when deploying
resources. Use to enforce your geo-compliance requirements. Excludes resource groups,
Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/b2cDirectories, and resources that use the 'global' region.

## Azure Policy Docs

See more information and a complete walk-through of using this sample on
[docs.microsoft.com](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/samples/allowed-locations).

## Try with Azure portal

[![Deploy to Azure](http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://portal.azure.com/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Policy/CreatePolicyDefinitionBlade/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazure-policy%2Fmaster%2Fsamples%2Fbuilt-in-policy%2Fallowed-locations%2Fazurepolicy.json)
[![Deploy to Azure Gov](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/governance/policy/media/deploy/deployGovbutton.png)](https://portal.azure.us/#blade/Microsoft_Azure_Policy/CreatePolicyDefinitionBlade/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FAzure%2Fazure-policy%2Fmaster%2Fsamples%2Fbuilt-in-policy%2Fallowed-locations%2Fazurepolicy.json)

## Try with Azure PowerShell

````powershell
# Create the Policy Definition (Subscription scope)
$definition = New-AzPolicyDefinition -Name "allowed-locations" -DisplayName "Allowed locations" -description "This policy enables you to restrict the locations your organization can specify when deploying resources. Use to enforce your geo-compliance requirements. Excludes resource groups, Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/b2cDirectories, and resources that use the 'global' region." -Policy 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/azure-policy/master/samples/built-in-policy/allowed-locations/azurepolicy.rules.json' -Parameter 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/azure-policy/master/samples/built-in-policy/allowed-locations/azurepolicy.parameters.json' -Mode Indexed

# Set the scope to a resource group; may also be a subscription or management group
$scope = Get-AzResourceGroup -Name 'YourResourceGroup'

# Set the Policy Parameter (JSON format)
$policyparam = '{ "listOfAllowedLocations": { "value": [ "eastus2", "westus" ] } }'

# Create the Policy Assignment
$assignment = New-AzPolicyAssignment -Name 'allowed-locations-assignment' -DisplayName 'Allowed locations Assignment' -Scope $scope.ResourceId -PolicyDefinition $definition -PolicyParameter $policyparam
````

## Try with Azure CLI

```cli
# Create the Policy Definition (Subscription scope)
definition=$(az policy definition create --name 'allowed-locations' --display-name 'Allowed locations' --description 'This policy enables you to restrict the locations your organization can specify when deploying resources. Use to enforce your geo-compliance requirements. Excludes resource groups, Microsoft.AzureActiveDirectory/b2cDirectories, and resources that use the 'global' region.' --rules 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/azure-policy/master/samples/built-in-policy/allowed-locations/azurepolicy.rules.json' --params 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Azure/azure-policy/master/samples/built-in-policy/allowed-locations/azurepolicy.parameters.json' --mode Indexed)

# Set the scope to a resource group; may also be a subscription or management group
scope=$(az group show --name 'YourResourceGroup')

# Set the Policy Parameter (JSON format)
policyparam='{ "listOfAllowedLocations": { "value": [ "eastus2", "westus" ] } }'

# Create the Policy Assignment
assignment=$(az policy assignment create --name 'allowed-locations-assignment' --display-name 'Allowed locations Assignment' --scope `echo $scope | jq '.id' -r` --policy `echo $definition | jq '.name' -r` --params "$policyparam")
```
